.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH ZIPROXYLOGTOOL 1 "December 02, 2007" ZIPROXY ZIPROXY
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
ziproxylogtool \- is a low-level log analyser
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ziproxylogtool
.B [general_options] [filtering_options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBziproxylogtool\fP is a low-level log analyser, its purpose is to be invoked by scripts.
It is expected to be reasonably fast and generic.

These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.SH GENERAL OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-m\fP, \fB--mode\fP mode
Output mode:
.nf
"g" - Global stats
"h" - Per host stats (accesses, in_bytes, out_bytes, compression %, hostname)
"f" - Filter mode (filter log entries according to filtering options)
.fi
.TP
\fB-i\fP, \fB--in-file\fP filename
Input file (Ziproxy log file). If unspecified, uses stdin.
.TP
\fB-o\fP, \fB--out-file\fP filename
Output file (stats output). If unspecified, uses stdout.
.TP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP
Display summarized help
.SH FILTERING OPTIONS
If ommited, won't apply.
.TP
\fB-1\fP, \fB--epoch-min\fP unix_epoch
Filter entries starting from that epoch.
.TP
\fB-2\fP, \fB--epoch-max\fP unix_epoch
Filter entries older than that epoch.
.TP
\fB-3\fP, \fB--bytes-in-min\fP bytes
Filter entries which incoming_bytes >= <bytes>
.TP
\fB-4\fP, \fB--bytes-in-max\fP bytes
Filter entries which incoming_bytes < <bytes>
.TP
\fB-5\fP, \fB--bytes-out-min\fP bytes
Filter entries which outgoing_bytes >= <bytes>
.TP
\fB-6\fP, \fB--bytes-out-max\fP bytes
Filter entries which outgoing_bytes < <bytes>
.TP
\fB-7\fP, \fB--delay-min\fP mili_seconds
Filter entries which delay >= <mili_seconds>
.TP
\fB-8\fP, \fB--delay-max\fP mili_seconds
Filter entries which delay < <mili_seconds>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ziproxy(1)
.SH AUTHOR
ziproxylogtool was written by Daniel Mealha Cabrita.
.PP
This manual page was written by Marcos Talau <marcostalau@gmail.com>.
