.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH ZIPROXY 1 "April 17, 2010" ZIPROXY ZIPROXY
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
ziproxy \- a compressing HTTP proxy server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ziproxy
<\fB-d\fP|\fB-i\fP|\fB-k\fP> [\fB-c\fP config_file] [\fB-u\fP user_name] [\fB-g\fP group_name] [\fB-p\fP pid_filename] [\fB-h\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBziproxy\fP is a forwarding, non-caching and compressing HTTP proxy server. Basically it squeezes images by converting them to lower quality JPEGs and compresses (gzip) HTML and other text-like data.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
\fB-d\fP, \fB--daemon-mode\fP
Used when running in standalone mode.
.TP
\fB-i\fP, \fB--inetd-mode\fP
Used when running from inetd or xinetd.
.TP
\fB-k\fP, \fB--stop-daemon\fP
Stops daemon.
.TP
\fB-c\fP, \fB--config-file\fP config_file
Full path to ziproxy.conf file (instead of default one).
.TP
\fB-u\fP, \fB--user\fP user_name
Run daemon as the specified user.
If unspecified and user_name is specified, uses user_name's group.
.TP
\fB-g\fP, \fB--group\fP group_name
Run daemon as the specified group.
.TP
\fB-p\fP, \fB--pid-file\fP pid_filename
Use the specified PID file for daemon control.
.TP
\fB-h\fP, \fB--help\fP
Display summarized help.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR ziproxylogtool(1)
.SH AUTHOR
ziproxy was written by Juraj Variny and Daniel Mealha Cabrita.
.PP
This manual page was written by Marcos Talau <marcostalau@gmail.com>.
